														INTERVIEW-1

1. Please show me your id?
2. Tell me about yourself?
3. Explain the project you are working on?
4. How many projects did you worked?
4. As you are a Python Automation Engineer, how did you do automation without using selenium?
5. Exactly what do you do with test cases on memory devices?
6. where do you test these testcases?



                                                        INTERVIEW-2
1.what is the framework you are using and what is the test scenario

2.you are doing in day to day deliverables??

3.	jira,agile, communicate
	AHM - all Head meet

4.what is the test flow in your framework and for example I have a submit button to click on a U.I what is the flow,
  how you will go ahead in your framework ??

5.what is the tests you are doing ??

6.what that cover in your testcases ??


7.what is the application you are testing ??

8.Brief about the application you are testing ??

9.what are you working in python ??

10.what are you validating ??

11.what are you doing in your testcases ??  --> environmental staibilization

12.How are the results generated after testing ??  --> openpyxl

13.what is the criteria to fail a testcase ??  --> precondtion, setup(skip), workload,run(fail), teardown(fail), post condition

14.how did you approach if test fails?

15.print "validation done", write a decorator to this statement ??

16.How to remove duplicates in an array ??

17.How to print only duplicates characters ??

18.How you prioritze testcases in pytest ??

19.you have a testcase where it which you have to run on multiple browsers in same testcase you have to run on firefox and chrome, how will you do it ??

20.you want to pass a password and username in your test method, how will you do it?

21.what errors you executing a testcase ??

22.I have a submit button to click on a webpage in a testbox username and password is there, I will give the username and don't give the password and finally I have written to click submit button, so what are happen ??