1. did you used selenium for automation?(
2. how your framework works with your internal API can you explain about that?
3. have you ever worked on postman
4. who will define these test  (DIDN'T YOU PREPARE TESTCASES FOR PRODUCT )

		( DEVICE UNDER TEST ,SYSTEM UNDER TEST)
		
5. have you never worked for testcase design for a product
6. At the framework level did you worked 
7. how do you check whether the file is transferred to the remote machine or not(WINRM RETURN CODE)
8. how do you check whether the total file is transferred or not, it is showing just name but not file size due to packet loss (how do you verify that )(EXECUTABLE FILE)
9. where and how do you track your testcases, like bugs
10. have you found any recent bug(5-BUGS)(WHATS'S THE MOST DIFFICULT PROBLEM YOU SOLVED RECENTLY)
11. if a single testcase fails how do you test it ,BY manually or do you automate(REPRODUCE)
12. if you created a new testcase then any test fails how do you identify that whether it is a issue of testcase or from product(NEED ELOBORATE ANSWER)
13. did you worked on the API testing 
14. whats the latest version of python
15.  pros and cons of python
16. what is PEP8
17.what is pip
18. can we install multiple versions of python in one system
19. do you know about ananymous function
20. does map() work with only list or any data type
21. if we apply map() for tuple , what's the output datatype
22. what is zip() 
23. what does the dir() function do
24. what does the enumarate function do
25. what is packing and unpacking
26.  list_1= [1,2,5,3,9,5,26,53,95,] , output should be the list and first index should be divided by second like respectively
27. how many arguments does the range function expect
28. list_1= [1,2,5,3,9,5,26,53,95,] print output in reverse order
































introduce yourself
day to day deliverables?
what is your team size?
rate yourself in python?
latest version python and sub version?
feature of python?
cons in python?
what is namespaces?
what pip?
what is lambda function?
take a string your name count the char by using lambda function?(form in dict)
in above program key and value should be in list of tuples?
what is use of enum?
insert an element in tuple?
what is unpacking and packing?
what group of element assign to varible separated by comma what is the type?
what is shallow copy and deep copy?
what is self in oops?
can we any name instead of self?
what is empty class?
what is constuctor? write a program?
what is destructor? write a program?
can you define own destructor?
what is inheritance?
super() and class name they doing same thing but why there are two methods?
explain method overloading and method overriding?
what is polymphroism?
what is enscapulation? write a program?
have you worked on postman?
how can you know memory is mount or not?
how will you check file intergrity?
do you know about linux?
have you worked on api tesing?
you found a bug, how you going to report?
how do you identify the priority of debug?
consider you are having the p1 priority bug other teams are not considering it as p1 how do you convince them?
tell me about negative testing?
do you have any questions?