explain about lambda function

explain about lambda expression

take a string your name count the char by using lambda function?(form in dict)

Explain about regression testing and rerun

At what point you do the regression testing

can you explain about generator with an example

what is the difference between iterator and generator ?? and which is memory efficient ??

what happens in the generator if it goes beyond the range ??

which will throw error generator or xrange ??

what are packages/libraries you have used

difference between list & tuple

between tuple and list what is more faster and why & which one takes more memory

do you have any idea how python storing the object in memory

what is the basic difference between array and list

difference between pop(),remove() in list

how was memory managed in python

what do you meant by abstract class

use of __init__ method

difference multi_level & multiple inheritance 

python is called as interpreted language how do you justify that

how do you define a private namespace ??

what is namespace in python and why we use it

what is module and packages in python

what is ananynomous function in python

in slicing we are using negative index or -1 in python, why do we use that

if you are having a python file what mode you use to execute that file

in oops there is a super keyword, why we are using that

in python if i have to copy a object, which function we are going to use 

what is PYTHONPATH in python

python has specifiers/access specifiers, any example

there is garbage collection in python, can you explain how it works

difference between function and methods

as you mentioned that you are using paramiko , tell me about that and advantages when compare with other	

can explain about defect life cycle
 
pros and cons of python
 
what is PEP8
 
what is pip

can we install multiple versions of python in one system

do you know about ananymous function

does map() work with only list or any data type

if we apply map() for tuple , what's the output datatype

what is zip() 

what does the dir() function do

what does the enumarate function do

what is packing and unpacking

how many arguments does the range function expect

what are the oops concepts you worked actually

explain about the abstraction method

what are the immutable collections in python

what are the operations we can perform for the tuple

if i want to add additional data to the tuple, how can i do that one , is there any way to add 

list contains duplicate elements, i want to find out , each element how many duplicates is there

1how can i append the list1 to list2

what is the difference between remove and delete, how it will works

what are the frameworks used in automation

have you used pytest, you are having experience in pytest framework, what are basic rules to write the testcases for pytest framework

what is the usage of paramiko

give me the command to connect the remote machine using paramiko

what is an iterator

how many types of inheritance are there in python

what is super

for what purpose we use paramiko

can explain about oops concepts

can explain difference between method overriding and method overloading

what is the difference between abstract class and interface

what is the use of list

what is list and dictionary comprehension

instead of for loop can you write list comprehension

what is the epic use of list comprehensions ??

what is the difference between inheritance and composition

what is the abstraction

can you explain about oops concepts

where do you used inheritance in your project

what are access specifiers

what is abstract class 

what are the different data types are in python

in which place tuple can be used

what is mean by slicing give me some example

what are the different functions in Regex

how you import packages

when your folder become a package

show me how to import re

how you import date function

I want to import in os package, i want to import some particular class, how will you do it

what are the packages available in the os

how will you check that classes, functions available in os

In given string vowels should be replaced with numbers, do it with for loop and Regex

what are the modules you have used in automation

what are the functions available in paramiko

using paramiko can you login to the same device

what is the framework you used, can you explain the process how it works

you are working in request module, how will you generate API, to login to google.com 
 
what is the API calling function which you used

what are the functions available in request module

Have you worked with multi-threading concept, what are the methods available in it

what are the steps to push a code in to the repository

Have you used winscp, whats's purpose of it

what is negative index in python
 
If you want to read int from the user, which statement you use
 
explain about fixtures in pytest

what are markers

can you explain your current framework

what are the basic types in python

tell me difference between break and continue

what is use of remoteng?

what is subprocess?

what do you use memory devies for?

how will you rate on python?

have you know about tests like smoke or reggresion test?

diff btw mutable and immutable

explian dict datatypes

explian about request module

explain about functional testing

why pytest is familiar what is diff btw pytest and other test modules

what are markers ?

what is group testing?

latest version python and sub version?

feature of python?

cons in python?

what pip?

in above program key and value should be in list of tuples?

what is use of enum?

insert an element in tuple?

what is unpacking and packing?

what group of element assign to varible separated by comma what is the type?

what is shallow copy and deep copy?

what is self in oops?

can we any name instead of self?

what is empty class?

what is constuctor? write a program?

what is destructor? write a program?

can you define own destructor?

what is inheritance?

super() and class name they doing same thing but why there are two methods?

explain method overloading and method overriding?

what is polymphroism?

what is enscapulation? write a program?

have you worked on postman?

how can you know memory is mount or not?

how will you check file intergrity?

tell me about negative testing?

What is positional and keyword arguments?

Tell me about inheritance?

Write a program on inheritance have above two functions?

Create a another file, how to get function from previous file?

What is debug could you please explain?

Can you explain decorator with an example

can you write with any custom decorator

Apart from regression testing, what type of testing you are doing?

what is white and blck box testing?

What is priority and severity in jira?Which has first preference?

What are data structure avalible in python?

What are dynamic and static data structures?

explian about request module

explain about functional testing

What is docstring?

between tuple and list what is more faster and why & which one takes more memory

what is the basic difference between array and list

write an example for list and dictionary comprehension and explain

what is module and packages in python

what is ananynomous function in python

in slicing we are using negative index or -1 in python, why do we use that

if you are having a python file what mode you use to execute that file

in oops there is a super keyword, why we are using that

in python if i have to copy a object, which function we are going to use 

python has specifiers/access specifiers, any example

there is garbage collection in python, can you explain how it works

how to add elements in list?

how to place element in particular position?

tell me about os module?

what are methods in that?explain briefly?

how to delete folder?

what is varible arguments?

explain a example of varialbe arugments?

how to import a file?

how can access a particlar class in a imported file?

can you write a class using any module?

how to access a file in different directory?

os and subprocess are similar?

how can you give commands in subprocess?

how you worked on agile methodology?

Write a program reverse string logic. 

Write a swap program by using function method. 

Write a program by using class with create two objects. 

Reverse a string with logic

Explain.singleton class and its properties

Difference between list and set

Fubctional and non-functional testing

What is regression and retesting

What is regression issue

what is the thing you are testing ??

what is the difference between range and xrange ??

what is the basic difference between list and tuple ??

what is the difference between object and class ??

what is the difference between public method and private method ??

can I use private method in another class ??

Do you know git and please can you write the commands what are you do after adding a file to the git ??

Expalin testing life cycle process ??