1.Introduce youself with your roles and responsibilities? and work experiance?

2.have you know about tests like smoke or reggresion test?

3.how do you connect to api?

4.what issue you have occur in project?

5.what do test on memory devices?

6.are you purely working on python automation from past 3years

7. you worked on your own framework 

8. what kind of work you do in python

9.if test cases are written in c,c++, do you execute the testcases in different server

10.tell me basic structure of any script which is build on paramiko,to access and transfer .exe files

11.you are working with storage right, can you tell me what kind of work do with the storage

12.can you tell me how do you open the file

13.did you work on DB

14.can you explain about XPATH

15.Have you used a locator for automation

16.what's the exact usage of pytest in automation

17.If any testcases is fail if it is a test issue then what you do?

18.what do you use memory devies for?

19.What are the test cases you are testing and what is the function of that test case give any example?

20.As you are a Python Automation Engineer, how did you do automation without using selenium?

21.Exactly what do you do with test cases on memory devices?

22.where do you test these testcases?

23.what is the test flow in your framework and for example I have a submit button to click on a U.I what is the flow, how you will go ahead in your framework ??

24.what that cover in your testcases ??

25.Brief about the application you are testing ??

26.what are you doing in your testcases ??  --> environmental staibilization

27.How are the results generated after testing ??  --> openpyxl

28.what is the criteria to fail a testcase ??  --> precondtion, setup(skip), workload,run(fail), teardown(fail), post condition

29.how did you approach if test fails?

30.you have a testcase where it which you have to run on multiple browsers in same testcase you have to run on firefox and chrome, how will you do it ??

31.you want to pass a password and username in your test method, how will you do it?

32.what errors you executing a testcase 

33.I have a submit button to click on a webpage in a testbox username and password is there, I will give the username and don't give the password and finally I have written to click submit button, so what are happen ??